I'll ask to ask questions and
what if this player I will not show
there you that the partners of europe
especially invented what I thought to say
whether he would have a place on the Italian team or
How to play European football and you
go to the player I'm referring to
I'd rather watch playing, look, this is the
goose
look what he looks at this task pen
now where the hotel is only samoa ball
Did the goal of the year look only this is the good
ronaldo in this game we our director
it is not in the victory by charging a narration
From here I say again look what he did
What he got that kiss, I 'm
waiting waiting to happen is to be
In this game this ball would have entered
I would have said without a doubt and look that he
did what he did to make spectacular
of the world the series soon this player to
success in Europe this style it is
if that way of him playing unit he
goes so not because they think no is the
different marking I think he has
a lot of talent but is this time not
can it be like this
This player's description of me
walking slowly in the field and
I met at this rate will not
Europe
so I think the talent he has
it also puts a little more
intensity in his game condition
game that has the talent he has
on foot there but is a differentiated player
and few players from midfield has
the mobility I have the opportunity that
you have to see let's see a big milan
and champion hisses what you were doing
field had a subtle brasilia cat had
by the day you
turkey also did not run quite the
made the ball run you always get
moved around the countryside without him not
would be the case because he does not have the
dispensing speed characteristic
he make the ball go faster
he no, I also like to make the ball
roll on the stroll
the pilot does not seem to make the strings
and elly by the position by the game further back
he will play as a point guard in the front on
difference there is cool but he is
playing more ahead then europe
very strong marking in the area where he
play
so you get more dynamic or you'll
get harder but the man looks
You can have zidane for example.
a player in this slower style in the
Unites the lyon does not seem more like it
Citizenship is very dynamic all the time
ball control and always on signaling
the goose for the ball does plays for the ball
but he does and when plays first
and if possible your talent but I'm
speaking of question was specific
he will be able to play in Europe so
going on in Europe is going to be
People talk about Italy, Seedorf has all
the reason why a marking system
much stronger than it is in the
spain for example
Now, when we talk about goose
goose from these last 12 13 games
I think it 's showing an evolution
typical of the one who reminds him very much of
early career goose on the saints
which disturbs much goose in terms
that this game of this volume
dynamics of the middle field are the other
players
unfortunately the moment of são paulo
affectionately saying is
are not on the same level then when
seedorf takes the ball and has rafael
Marques if you have a model on the side you
can make the ball spin and arrives with
quality goose is an oasis there in
creating industry sao paulo or speak
with junior who played this role of
half an hour of missing it is a bit of
dynamism, people
the goose we always have a
expectation, especially for the beginning of
not saints because talent does not do
few players in that meter
Square there can pack a
solution of a move that is not only
the dribble beneath the ice land right
but that little ditch he gave her for
up the gesture trying to play ball
if he buys this can be bought
through if he played in this system
the right course spoke
and that's exactly where he's going to force it.
be a little more dynamic than he is
because he playing his style here
everybody accepts if he goes to the
football where it was much more dynamic
much more footprint it will also evolve
but then it will end without type eyes
I thought it was cool starting to talk about
italy from down that hurt the spirit
Italian called the single declared by the
task is the first name about goose
Finally, he said this because jazz
The years that we talk about him in Italy
We have a lot of admiration for talent.
he has and I think he also okay
needing to get out of here he was almost the
milan and do not leave São Paulo, this is it
there is something display word that
also take the goose home where our
speak to genoveva paulo not only
the sao paulo managed to keep if for
sao paulo leave the chat policy